well we now know our 2011 Tony Award
nominees and what better way to pay
homage to them than by checking on some
of the best restaurants right here in
the theater district our first stop is
awesome
I'm very pleased to be joining the
manager here at or social and can't
thank you so much for having us today if
you could tell us what has made or so
such a success and what attributes to
its longevity great staff really good
food and an atmosphere that you really
want to return to we have original
recipes from Venice we have original
recipes from Rome have a couple of
things coming out for you to sample I'm
ready to something all right tell me
about this delicious steak this is a pen
sauteed shell steak oh my goodness
that's so good so I think it's very well
had a great time pleasure having you
while we're inside beautiful Joanne I'm
joined by executive chef Victor Flores
thank you so much for having us we see a
representation of something delicious
food you have here at Joe elm it's been
here for 45 years people keep coming
back talk to us about the food and my
people to come back okay Laura food is
really nothing pretentious it's just
good food little link what is very good
ingredients fresh to us about the food
okay right here we have a grill Atlantic
swordfish we have a shrimp cocktail we
also have a famous cheeseburger somebody
told you I love burgers somebody hasn't
told you that but I cannot wait to dig
in
Oh easy to see like Joe Holland's been
here for 45 years but this good man at
the helm it'll be here for another 45
thank you so much I really appreciated
my baby here we are at the
world-renowned original Carmine's 44th
Street in the heart of the theater
district I'm joined by the CEO Jeffrey
bank thank you so much for having us
today
explain to us what makes Carmine's hum
and why people have come here time and
time again people love the family-style
value that we provide southern Italian
cuisine classics everything comes out in
a wow factor
but I cannot wait to to eat and partake
in the magic that is correct and once in
a time dinner without spaghetti and
meatballs those are some meatballs and
you just get these large gr you know
close Jesse what are we gonna do with
this this is 48 ounces of meat all you
need to know is when you walk in steak
Contadina so Jeff this is brought to our
table I've just been staring at it with
disbelief Carmine's Titanic so there's
only really two moves here first
obviously we have to loosen our belts
this is perfection for me and it's the
perfect way to finish off a day checking
out her best restaurants in the theater
district